--- Command line arguments ---

-s --sep

    Changes how the input line is separated into list L.

    Uses SEP variable internally, so can be set by an init or execute line that
    way.

    AWK equivalent: -F on command line, FS=foobar in program

-j --join

    Sets the method to join lists together. All lists (even nested ones) are
    joined before they are printed. This is usually equal to the separator, but
    can be changed.

    Internal variable: JOIN

-x --execute

    Sets a line of code to execute after each line has been evaluated. The
    output will not be displayed, and this will be run using exec, so you can
    use multiple statements using semicolons.

-i --init

    Code that is run just before input is starting to be parsed. This code may
    initialise variables, for example.

-f --final

    Code that's run at the very end. This is evaluated, not executed, to make
    it easier to print variables at the end. This may change, though.

--- Helper Variables ---

NR

    Same meaning as in AWK. Starts at 1, and is incremented after everything
    (even --execute) code has been run for the line.

A

    Arguments. Set to sys.argv, and allows programs to take in command line
    arguments.

--- Helper Functions ---

H(bytes, precision=1)

    Converts a number of bytes to a human readable string. First argument is
    the number, second argument is optional, and defaults to the number of
    decimal points you want (defaults to 1)

    Attempts to cast the input to an integer, failing that will try a float,
    and if neither works, will either return None if FAIL_ON_WRONG_TYPE is not
    set to true, or will re-raise the ValueError if it is.

Hs(epoch, fmt="%a %b %y %H:%M")

    Converts number of seconds since epoch into string, using fmt. Uses
    strftime.

Htd(time1, time2)

    Returns a human readable string showing how far apart the two times are.

Ago(t)

    Returns a human readable string showing how far ago the time was from now.
    Calls Htd(time.time(), t)

Bn(path)

    Calls

    os.path.basename(path)

    Finds the last element in a path. Similar to *nix's basename command.

S(path, modes="s")

    Stat. If only one mode is given, it will be returned, but if more than one
    is given, a list will be returned. Modes is an iterable with the format
    sequences. See stat(1). At the moment, only s is implemented.

    Modes will be appended to output list in order given, and repeated modes
    are allowed.



--- Import Shortcuts ---

M

    math import is imported as M. Note that they may need type casting (to
    float or int).

--- Config ---

FAIL_ON_WRONG_TYPE

    Raise exception on type error in H() instead of returning None

IGNORE_ON_EMPTY

    If any part of a list is empty when being printed, the whole thing won't be
    printed. This is useful for conditionally printing part of a line,
    depending on if something is true.

FAIL_ON_EMPTY

    Like above, but will stop processing and return an error.

SEP, JOIN

    See command line arguments.
